This is a head gum original.
You have to make sure that it brings to the end.
Of course.
I'm not going to do it.
That's not a fun dog.
Monday, that Monday feeling.
Right?
Lots of business being handled.
We're coming off hot off the presses of the pit wall.
Yes.
Well, I wasn't on.
It's what might have been the show all.
No, it was the pit wall because Ali was the guest.
Ali seems like a better host to the show than me.
I should be the rotating occasional.
Well, don't be so quick to say.
You're all ready.
The rotating occasional.
You've never not been that.
Of course.
Why do I get lambasted every time I miss every two episodes?
You're my son, right?
I want to make sure.
I think you're recording.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I adjusted the set up.
All right.
The only thing that I changed was that I'm.
I am the captain now.
Right?
But like the zoom is recording.
Not not.
The zoom is recording.
The microphone.
The zoom of microphones is recording.
Y'all.
Okay.
Audition sessions.
Good to go on title session 14.
The control panel is recording.
Yeah.
And I'm sure the video files are going to be labeled for the pit wall also.
That is true.
We'll just need that.
I had started my recording on my end.
Well, we got the backup.
We've got the backup from the zoom.
Right?
We're already 34 minutes late.
I don't like that I can't see you, Jeff.
I don't like that.
I can't see Marieka either.
You can.
Marieka.
It's kind of interesting.
If you press your button for your camera.
She'll see you.
If I press my button for my camera.
Yeah.
He was doing that.
Okay.
A second ago.
Was I?
Did you not do that on purpose?
No, because I'm not in the zoom.
I'm not in the zoom because I walked into the pit wall.
What's that?
You are.
Is she seeing the live at it?
Yes.
Oh.
That's kind of cool.
But you can't see.
So if you press your button for your camera.
She'll see you.
Only when you want her to see you.
What?
What's with the energy shift?
It was the same fucking episode.
The same setup as everything is the pit wall.
All these pissed.
No.
I'm not mad at you.
Everything's okay.
Four years of therapy.
It's so cold.
It's with one con.
One con swoop.
More technology back here than ever before.
Let me open up photo booth on here.
Well, actually, I'm not sure if I should.
But I'm going to open photo booth so I can show everybody in like a...
Yeah, now that's not going to work.
I wanted to show everybody how many screens are here, right?
Uh-huh.
And so I guess I'll just take a iPhone video and I'll plop it in.
Well, you can grab the GoPro and kind of wave it around at everything back there.
I don't think it creates the real fish bowl effect.
Sure.
So here's the real setup, right?
So we have...
This is the control board for the video, right?
This is the zoom, which has to be on and recording in the audition session.
So it's a backup, right?
Yeah.
Then we have my outline right here.
And then we have my sound board connected to the thing that's on the zoom that is connected to
Marika on that screen.
So that they can see her.
I mean, there has to be a better way than this.
What do you say to you is all that?
What do I...
I'm not the engineer?
You are.
Right now.
Well, right now.
Yeah, I'm at the engineer of the studio.
You know, like you wouldn't bring me in.
You'd bring me in as a session recorder, uh, recorded at, you know, Abbey Road.
You wouldn't bring me in to redesign Abbey Road.
Yeah.
I'm flattered that you are comparing our studio setup to Abbey Road.
Marty asked me three years ago.
What should the studio look like?
That might not just make it look like Abbey Road.
That's a story.
And that's why the walls are white.
That's why the panels are beige.
And that's why there's like a red rug underneath.
But we got that with a gift card.
The rug was bought with a gift card.
Marika, don't just go, um, like say some shit.
Add to the fucking cultural conversation therein.
I can't really.
Ultimately.
Oh, it's such.
I was on the phone.
This is.
This is awful already.
I was on the phone with my sister right before I walked in.
She said, uh, she knew I was about to go into a record.
Because I was like, that's why I was signing off.
And she's like, oh, is it going to be good?
And I was like, I don't know.
And she's like, are you nervous?
And I'm like, I'm not, I'm not nervous.
Yeah.
But it's not always up to me.
It's what I told her.
Right?
It's up to the energy that mostly marika brings.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't think it helps when you point it out.
You know what I mean?
Like often times you, you're like, you do a little mimic of my voice.
And like, the monotone.
And then you're like, are you seeing the shit?
To who's whoever's in the room?
I don't know.
I don't like, doesn't really, like, it kind of prolongs the moment.
You know what I mean?
I got to prolongs the moment.
Are you guys kidding me?
No, I agree. I agree.
Um, oh, this is cool.
The Quentin time tour.
What artist is that?
Oh, it's Zach Ryan.
What are you looking at?
I have an ad.
Um, what was I about to just say?
Oh, we've been banking episodes, right?
Because every year,
it's kind of a mad dash in December to try and like have all of us be able to take time off.
That's happening a lot around here.
Everybody doing that?
A lot of, a lot of banking happening around here.
I don't know.
I think it abuses certain joy, Halley.
Sure.
Charge joy.
Yeah.
Um, but that being the case, these episodes are not weak to weak.
They're back to back some days.
Yeah.
And so, like, last week, I did an episode.
I forget who exactly was on, but a mirror was on.
And his energy was awful.
It was sour.
He was clearly like down or tired.
Yeah.
And then the next day, like, same exact amount of effort that I put into the record.
And it was a hit.
Because like, a lot of people were bringing the energy, especially a mirror.
He was like, in a better mood.
So that's just all I'm trying to say.
So what, what should we be doing differently?
I fear y'all put everything you had into the pit wall.
Interesting.
That's definitely true.
This is fun.
It's fucked up.
What is fucked up?
I need to do in the scheduling.
Yes, Marika.
No, go ahead.
I want to hear that.
I'm just doing the scheduling.
I'm trusting her to get guests that aren't going to be depleted.
Right.
Well, actually.
Totally, even further behind the curtain.
We got a, we got a, like, a Google Doc sent to us.
Google Cal.
No, this was a doc.
Okay.
That was.
We're doxing my doc for content.
That was just asking, like, hey, add yourself to the head gum pod.
So you're taking you more responsibility.
I was trying to put it on on you.
I purposely picked slots for myself to be on the show that line up with recordings of the pit wall.
Yeah, that way you don't have to keep coming in on days.
You weren't going to come in.
Yes.
Exactly right.
I get how it all works.
People like to think that I'm some idiot.
I ultimately decided to come on the podcast today.
After getting out of a doctor's appointment.
Because a mirror was supposed to be on this episode.
Five, five.
I'm sorry.
Five room.
Alja.
Oh, the diagnostic.
Uh, five.
I'm how related.
I got a scan of my teeth and my bone is turning to fiber.
We got to get a shit out guys.
Because that's not good to hear about.
Like, people don't can't be on their morning commute hearing about how many
because bone structure is turning to fucking grains.
Yeah.
I'm a rice of myself.
What is I pay $735 today for someone to tell me?
Yeah.
It was the full thing.
Hey.
Here's the issue.
This show has become us complaining about each other.
I'm wondering if we reconnect as friends.
Sure.
I do want to say though.
I think it would be really funny.
If one day we had someone reading energies on the podcast.
Like in the middle of the episode.
Have you guys seen those aura photos?
Yeah.
What if we got someone to do that for the black magic?
So I'm like cutting the alley and she needs more like loyalty in her life.
I guess I was a gambling addiction.
No.
I'm a very responsible gambler.
I love to gamble.
That's cool.
But I can't.
That was that.
I don't know.
I'm just looking at you.
I love to gamble.
But I'm very strict with it.
You know, I create an allowance just for gambling.
It's pretty good.
Fine.
Are you a gambler?
No.
I like my money.
Yeah.
Well, we should earn money.
The thing about gambling is you could use your money to get more.
You can get less.
Or you can get less.
But that's the thrill.
On to the week.
My bond of the week is Matthew Morrison.
Because it's time for a bond of the glee.
I love it.
But I can't see you.
That's fair.
I didn't laugh.
I just kind of.
It was like a resign sigh.
So what can see her?
She's not on that screen.
Oh, I'm not mirroring.
Because I don't want you to have to look at the soundboard.
Okay.
I'm there.
Bond of the week.
My dad.
You.
How so?
I think it's time for him to break into acting.
Peter Khan.
What's his name?
Tony.
Tony's Khan.
I.
Casey asked how to pronounce my last name earlier.
And I said, like, James.
Is that not hurtful to you?
What has it been two and a half years?
He doesn't want to say your last name.
I wanted to make sure I was.
I was saying it correctly on a podcast record.
I think that's that's a professional courtesy.
And you didn't let Ali speak.
I said, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And then you jetted it and you said how you felt.
That's a great point.
And I'm listening.
And I'm here to listen.
Okay.
And I want to hear what you have to say.
Thank you.
You know, if the roles are ever reversed,
I'll ask you for confirmation before we record two.
Okay.
So I don't say Donahoo.
That happens.
It doesn't.
Nobody ever doesn't know how to say Donahoo.
Oh, you'd be surprised.
You'd be surprised when people don't know how to say Casey.
What do you get?
Casey.
Donahoo.
How do you say it in like an Irish accent?
I don't know the Irish accent.
You're adding a G in into my name there.
I get that.
Also, the queue has gotten messed up.
How do you feel about Casey not knowing how to pronounce your last name?
You know, it would be nice if he.
It would be nice if he does.
I do know.
But you do know.
I think you maybe did before.
I did.
I just wanted to make sure.
Make sure.
Yeah.
Is this about Alice last name?
No, just what's the word.
So let's all go down the line.
What's the worst way somebody has like missed pronounced your name.
Oh, God.
Where to begin?
Um,
I get a lot of weird letters added to my name.
Okay.
I thought you met in the mail.
I'm like.
Do you need a security detail?
I get weird letters.
Yeah.
I'd love to get fewer mail letters.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And then the worst way someone's ever said your name?
Uh, I would say that.
I would say that.
Yeah, what did Jeff Ruben say?
Because it wasn't that bad.
He said America.
Yeah.
That's like the most common one.
And it is ultimately annoying.
Yeah.
And people then will use it as like a joke, which is also annoying.
But I've gotten more to that.
I've gotten Malika.
That's got Malika.
Barika.
Yeah.
I thought that's just what they call Barista's at your coffee shop.
At Marika's coffee shop.
My friend Dom did call you Malika last week on the episode.
So I'm sorry about that.
I did.
Yeah.
I met him walking out.
I heard about that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about him.
Use fine.
It was just that like we got to lament about how you are kind of always running late.
I was on time that episode.
Well, you were late.
And leaving for the airport.
I wasn't there.
I don't know what they're like.
So what about Brownlee?
Anybody say Brownlee wrong?
Uh, no, I don't think so.
I feel like that's kind of the easy, the easy part.
So the worst name is maybe.
Maybe.
Sometimes.
Okay.
So Barika Brownlee with a wise.
The worst way somebody said something.
Your name.
Barika.
Okay.
See what about you.
My bottom of the league is John Cena.
Because you can't see Bond.
Yeah.
And then the worst way somebody's ever missed pronounce your first and last.
Cassie.
Um.
Yeah.
People at G's to my to Donna Hugh.
Donna.
Cassie.
Spu.
That feels like.
Yeah.
That's something.
And then.
Allie.
Let's hear it.
I've gotten.
I can't.
But also Ali Khan K. H. N. And I plugged that into YouTube once and there is a singer named
Ali Khan who some.
Man is somewhere in the desert Middle East area.
I don't remember where exactly.
And it was a music video of him on a sand June with like a lot of ladies.
Wow.
So being on a sand dream with a lot of ladies is the equivalent of like if you're in Miami
right shot of Casey.
Uh, be on a yacht.
Yeah.
I kind of, you know, shout out to my name Twin.
I hope his career's flourishing.
I have a name Twin also.
That's a professional singer.
Really?
Casey Downey, who is a country singer, but he spells...
Sorry, really.
Just timing wise.
He spells an HEW and I've never seen that spell anymore.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love C, the thing is, a podcast hosted by Grammy Award-winning R&B artist
Bridget Kelly, and media personality and podcast trailblazer, Mandy Bee.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political
pop culture conversations in their honest segments, and relationship hot-take conversations
in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the
ladies have with their guests, who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Which week you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist that you
didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Recently the ladies have sat down with big freedia, remi ma, van lathe, and neo.
So star power among them, you got to go check it out, follow and subscribe to see the
thing is on Spotify, Apple podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday, and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays
and Saturdays.
Check it out, and we're back, time for another edition of, so what?
This is where we read headlines of the day that are neither here nor there, and wax
about them, starting with more than 30,000 ancient coins found underwater in exceptional
condition, so what do you guys think?
I think it's interesting, really?
Yeah, who found it?
Do you think it's kind of funny that it's like exceptional condition, because how
would we now?
You know what I mean?
I think it's boring.
Oh, look how the coin.
Killer Whales, hello, is my mic on?
I can't wait.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can.
I didn't click on the headline, it's about headlines, not the actual news articles.
Okay, alright.
CBS News found the news, I don't know who found the coins.
Gotcha.
Killer Whales, sink yacht in 45 minute long attack, so what?
Well, no, I like that.
I don't know what it is.
That's a real work.
Yeah.
Yeah, you too.
In May, Orca.
I'm kind of interested in the rebellion.
Yeah, that's true.
It seems to be happening a little bit.
It is a movement.
Yeah.
I think it's cool.
It is the French Revolution of the OSHA.
Yeah, which one is Robe Spear?
Well, Killer Whales, free Willy, if you think free Willy is still alive, no, he's more
of like, uh, he's like Nelson Mandela because he's on his, if he's still alive, he's
on his last legs, the free Willy effect.
That's pretty good.
Okay, I'm going to, yeah, I'm going to move on.
My boyfriend and I finally fulfilled my greatest fantasy and it was a disaster.
Oh, no.
That's so cool.
Oh, what?
It can be great.
Careful at you, wish for her.
Yeah.
This is a headline from the news.
Yeah, that one's from CBS News.
What?
What was the fantasy?
And the segment is about, no, headline.
Oh, sorry.
I just feel like, okay.
Okay, sorry.
It was a boy or something.
I didn't think the fantasy was.
And it ended up being a nightmare.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't want a king shame.
Yeah.
But try.
And you don't want to do the crime.
We should all shame one king right now.
With one two, three go.
Ah.
I'll just play with Steve.
Yes, tell him it leads Alex.
I think Fireplay.
Because ultimately, if it's not controlled, you might burn down the neighborhood and that's
not fair.
That is not what you consider, like, wax play.
This is wax play, by the way.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm fired, I think.
Oh, what?
Burning all with wax.
No wax plays like a candle.
I mean more like live in Leviton.
Leviton.
I love it.
You know what I mean?
Like a good boy.
It makes a good point.
Maybe I'll change it to knife play.
Because I think that's just pretty dangerous.
I don't know how you could do that safely.
You're going to shame.
You're going to kink shame the knife.
I'm going to shave shame.
Okay, go on.
I don't think we all should shave.
That's true.
Okay.
Allie, one kink you'd love to shame.
I'm scared kink.
Like boo.
Yeah.
Like the finish.
Get out of here with that.
Somebody watching a listening is like.
Marika or Saibarika?
Baraka?
Baraka.
Oh, I thought I agreed with Casey.
You sure.
Yeah.
You know what scapell is?
It's like shit.
Yeah.
It's like boo, boo, boo, boo.
But he's about.
That's disgusting.
That's just disgusting.
It's not an end play.
Yeah, that's both of it.
It's that.
And your bebapu.
Conyay West and daughter north.
Share quality time together and do buy.
So.
So what?
Yeah, I really don't care about that.
Yeah, I don't care.
The real problem with Madonna's face, our fearful, self-loathing.
So what?
What do you guys think about that though?
That's kind of interesting.
People keep criticizing Madonna and they're saying that her face is different.
It is different.
But is it that her face is different or that we hate ourselves?
No, her face is different.
Her face is different.
For sure.
All right.
We got a lot about it.
I don't think it's mutually exclusive, you know.
I can't shit stream shared of the frame.
There it is, everyone.
Yeah, what is happening?
Welcome to Polywood.
Keep going.
I think the segment is good, but I couldn't nail down the name.
Okay.
Oh, that's not where I thought this was going.
Yeah, I know.
It sounded like Polycule.
Yeah.
Basically, these are all celebrities who have gotten involved in politics recently.
And recently, it's actually pretty generous in the last like 10 years.
But basically, I'm going to read a controversial quote.
And then you guys have to match it to one of the celebrities on the board.
Well, it's only these celebrities.
It's only these.
We've got, we've got, yeah, Casey, go ahead.
We got Jade and Smith.
We got Oprah Winfrey.
We got Tommy Lee Jones, Emerald Lagassie.
Is that Francis Ford Copeland?
Yep.
I don't know the blonde.
Amanda, I'm in the side for you.
That's right, from the movie.
Wait, is it for me?
I think, yeah.
From left to right, bottom top, or top to bottom.
Fergie Oprah, Tommy Lee Jones, Wolfgang Pock, Jade and Smith,
Amanda C. Fried, Emerald Lagassie,
and Francis Ford Copeland.
Yeah.
All got it?
Yep.
All right, here we go.
This is some of these need context,
but most of them are just straight quotes.
On the topic of the 2024 California Goober National
election.
So this is for the governor.
As long as I can still log into porn hub in my state,
I'm good with either guy.
This is real?
These are all 100% real.
Who's the third one?
That's Tommy Lee Jones.
I think it's Tommy Lee Jones.
I think it's Wolfgang Pock.
I think it's Wolfgang Pock, too.
At it point, I've started doing that.
Casey, what's good?
It's good.
So stop.
That's Oprah Winfrey.
What?
Yeah, I don't believe that.
So, what's the quote one more time?
As long as I can still log into porn hub in my state,
I'm good with either guy.
She said this.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is 100% straight.
California.
I'm on a Cito.
Thank you.
Which is more of a state of mind, I believe.
Yeah.
Adam Levine, Oprah Winfrey.
Harry and Meghan.
Nebris.
Larry David has a place up there.
Jeff Bridges sold his spot.
I love Jeff Bridges.
More than a spot, really.
It's got a whole estate moving on.
Owning a gun is as fundamentally American as porcelain skin.
Here.
Okay.
Fergie.
I'm pretty good.
So that funny did not see you.
I know that, like, on this, you're on the screen behind me.
And then I'm here.
You might, you're, so it really does just feel like you're behind me.
And I heard you just go, Fergie.
Is that you?
I'm going to go with Emerald Lagassie.
Okay.
And I'm going to go copalap.
That was Amanda Saifried.
I knew it was going to be, but I didn't want to put that on her.
Because I said she would have said it on her.
She's like surprisingly country, because she lives up state on a farm.
Yeah, but not in a bad way.
I don't, I mean, I don't know.
I feel like she probably owns a gun in a fine way.
The real issue in this quote is that she thinks being American means you have white skin.
And again, what are you going to put on her?
What are your sources?
Yeah.
The sources are CBS news.
Oh, I agree.
I, here we go.
The nuclear family is the best form of governance.
Well, so I hear my parents have never even met each other.
Jaden Smith.
That's absolutely correct.
Nice one, Casey, all right, moving on.
The opioid epidemic doesn't hold a candle to bad infrastructure.
Try complaining about fentanyl on a shitty bridge.
That's right.
You can't.
Fergie.
To get each other.
Not that, yes, is all around, but that ultimately was Wolfgang Park.
Well, Fergie famously saying about that bridge.
Right.
You know, every time you come around, yeah, I learned a lot of French wine for that.
Yeah.
Well, and she's recovered, addict.
Is that true?
Crystal meth.
Really?
Yeah.
If this isn't true, this is the meanest thing you've ever said.
No, I'm serious.
Moving on to, um, okay.
I don't understand why people don't like when the price of milk goes up.
Don't you want your milk to be more valuable?
Francis Ford Copeland.
Emerald.
That was Tommy Lee Jones.
Yeah.
No.
Now that you've revealed it, yeah, that's true.
Here we go.
When a woman's?
Yeah, try again.
So fucked up of him to say, oh, yeah, him to say he, what did he say?
And just this is not, this is this person.
Right.
You got this from CBS News.
CBS News.
Oh, no.
What did they say?
Yeah.
Just tell us, what did Emerald say?
You guys don't think this is funny.
This sucks.
Well, don't worry about it.
It's not like something new in the world.
This is just real.
From one of these.
Just tell us.
When a woman's health is most at risk,
that's when abortion should be the most illegal.
Because let's face it.
That's got to be one hell of a kid in there.
Bam.
Oprah.
I think it's Francis.
I can't believe it.
You just said, sorry.
So who said it?
That was Francis.
We have to give that a break.
Sorry, yeah.
Oh, I was just going to say this is sorry to pause it.
Do we ever are?
You already told.
Okay.
That we are still in the recording.
Okay, perfect.
That's all I wanted to know.
What?
That's tomorrow.
No.
That's on the 14th.
It's on December 7th.
And tomorrow's November 7th.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
That was all I wanted to ask.
Back to the show.
I'm all for a public option.
But I don't think that single payer health.
We're still playing the game.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm all for a public option.
But I don't think single payer health care is realistic.
I mean, even if one person did have all that cash.
Do you really think they'd want to spend it on poor people's kidneys in junk?
I guess it's Emma.
All right.
It's the last one.
No ban after that, though.
He wasn't kidding.
Exactly right.
Yeah.
That was Emerald Gossie.
Wow.
He said that.
Yeah.
That was awful.
And this was, it wasn't in an interview to CBS News, but CBS News just reported.
Oh.
Anyway.
I don't eat your heroes, I guess.
Yeah.
Do you think people have ever thought that about you, Marika?
They've met you at shows and stuff.
Probably.
Right.
Actually, I would say definitely.
Yeah.
Um.
That was all I had planned for the episode.
Oh.
What?
Well, no, it's just hang out.
I feel like we never.
It's always the bid.
It's always, oh, Jeffrey.
You know, can't prepare.
He's, you know, he's an asshole.
But let's just be friends.
Okay.
What do you guys most interested in life right now about?
What do you most interested in right now in life?
A real topic.
Something that people might find interesting.
Um.
I mean, that's, that's a loaded question.
I think.
Because of what we talked about.
No matter what.
Anyone could say they're saying the wrong thing.
Well, now it's turning into a Casey's druthers.
Give me a second.
You start.
Start.
Going now.
Oh, I don't.
I, all of my druthers, I cannot speak about.
Here on this in this forum.
Uh, and that's the end of my druthers.
I don't know.
Jeff, how are you?
You're busy?
Casey, two minutes and 45 seconds on the board.
All right.
It's too dry here in LA these days.
My allergies have been going wild recently.
I am waking up congested.
My eyes are watering their itchy.
It sucks.
I should not have to live like this for two months out of the year.
You know what I mean?
That's the biggest thing in my life right now.
Uh, that I'm dealing with physically dated and is breathing through my nose.
Why is it such a challenge?
Why can't the world we live in just be livable for all of us?
That's it.
And I think we need to change the playoff structure of the MLB.
I think it's weird that the wild cards were in the world series and all the teams
that won over a hundred games were more bounce pretty quickly.
I think we need to do something about that.
Uh, I hope that when they, when Allie takes her drivers test that,
that she only has one person giving that her the test from the pit wall.
Sorry, I forgot.
Uh, we've been reporting for three hours now.
So when you go to the movie theater,
you should not be talking to anybody.
It's just you and the screen.
What do you have to say to your neighbor?
Wait until the credits.
And, and, uh, one more minute.
Oh, it's perfect.
It's perfect.
A Halloween candy.
The chocolate's got worse.
Across the board.
It's not true or out of the taste punch change.
Maybe they maybe have become more of a grown-up.
The chocolate and a Reese just doesn't hit like a used tooth.
Do you think butter fingers taste different?
What's that?
Butter fingers, KC.
Butter fingers?
I like butter fingers.
They taste, I think they taste great,
but they get stuck in my teeth and I'm not a fan.
I feel like we had a, we had a minute.
A second.
I'll always look out for number one.
What?
I hope that's missed exactly how I heard it.
I'm planning on not touching it.
I don't think it better.
That was perfect.
Yeah, I'm, I'm interest.
Because I could barely hear KC.
Always look out for number one.
Yeah, and you got a KC.
I also, I want to just say that every time someone else does a
druthers, you love to interject, but when I do a druthers,
I'm not allowed to talk to other people.
It's not allowed.
It's that I trust you to have druthers.
KC needed training wheels.
I found some, I found some druthers.
Yeah, I thought he took a great job.
I'm pretty proud of yourself right now.
I've never seen you look that smug on the show.
I got a lot of my chest.
Just that.
You didn't know what to say.
Yeah, I've followed my heart.
Yeah.
This is my first druthers.
Do you want to druthers?
No.
No, no, no, no.
I think that's really a lot.
Alley's druthers, man.
Why didn't you do it?
Did it in 35 seconds on the board?
Go.
Hey, why didn't everybody tell me that my hair looked bad sooner?
I just told you.
Not quick enough pieces.
Oh, my heart hurts.
I just said nothing at all.
I didn't know.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't have a lot of issues, I guess.
Right now.
I wish that I had more time.
I feel guilty all the time.
And I think I'm bad at everything all the time.
But I'm working on it.
In my head right now, I'm going on.
The druthers is going okay.
What do everybody thinks about druthers?
Is the worst druthers of the old druthers?
And it was a big regret.
Maybe this druthers should have just stopped what we were at.
But now we're too far in and we just got to see it through.
And everyone's just got to ride the ride with me.
Oh, no.
And I hope that my hair still looks bad.
It looks good.
Oh, it looks good now.
It's going.
It's okay.
I hope that everything goes okay today.
And it's an okay Monday.
Something.
On day, on day.
On day.
If I was in charge of a battleship,
we would say.
Oh, I got it.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
You want to round us out.
We do have five more minutes.
Pretty much.
I don't want to do.
I want to do five minutes.
No, not the whole five minutes.
But we might have to do a Marieka's druthers for sure.
Here we go.
Marieka's druthers.
Oh, it's a more fun.
I'm just kind of thinking.
It's a little more grounded.
Marieka.
Yeah.
I kind of feel like I can't match the energy of those.
And I think it might be because I'm in my home.
I'm not in the studio with everyone.
And I feel kind of isolated.
And I've had a hard time hearing everyone's out there, druthers.
And it seemed like a lot of fun in there.
But ultimately, like now, I don't even know if you can hear what I'm saying.
So that's kind of stressful.
And it's also almost 430.
And I've done no work today.
Except for this work.
And I have to go to a live show tonight.
And also do other work and eat food.
And I don't know how I'm going to do all those things.
So now I'm a little stressed about that.
And those prospects.
Ultimately.
And I kind of just want to sleep for a really long time.
I think that it's crazy that people can just come out and then get home.
And then also like cook a full meal.
And like still feel of air with their lives.
Like I get home.
And then I just like lay on my couch for an hour.
Yeah.
That was easy.
Everyone got a druthers.
Oh, druthers.
Yeah, pretty huge.
Solidette.
Thank you guys for doing the episode.
Plugs.
Let's start with Ali.
Listen to the pit wall.
Oh.
Check it out.
Geotic with Luna.
Every other one.
Does this episode come out this week?
This comes out in like a month.
Ali was on the pit wall.
Sometime in the past.
This is coming out.
November 24th.
I think November 24th.
So go look up.
Ali's episode of the pit wall.
She was great.
Hope you all like Friday.
I think about it.
Wonderful.
Just set piled.
I'm talking to the pit wall.
Yeah, listen to the pit wall.
You have to stop.
What the fuck are you talking to?
Oh my god.
Listen to the pit wall.
I hate that one.
And then stop doing this.
That was all one button.
Listen to the pit wall.
And go to my website.
Casey makes movies that come.
I got a bunch of movies there.
You can watch some movies I made.
Oh yeah.
That's a good bug.
Um.
Follow me on letter box.
Please.
At Marie Gailon.
Nothing else matters.
It's like I have to do something else.
And I started putting together my new vacuum.
Hahahaha.
At every James on Instagram.
Um.
Show this.
Show to your friends.
The post-nubshell episode is a good intro.
I think we need to start.
I need to start promoting the shit out of this stuff.
You show man.
Yeah.
We got to figure out a way.
Like the like a guide to explaining the head gun podcast.
That could be a fun video to make.
That is fun.
I wonder if we changed the name.
To what?
Jeff's witch in hour.
Hahahaha.
Jeff's rich field hour.
Lich field.
Oh, I'm aware of Lich field.
Yeah.
There's a famous prison.
Lich field.
Yeah.
It's where it weren't just the new black takes place.
It's also where Gilmore gross takes place.
No it doesn't.
It's just county.
Wish Washington Depot.
Okay.
I lived and cannot a good.
I like the target audience of that joke and it didn't really hit.
So.
Let's end it on this note.
Thank you.
That was a hit dumb original.